README.md, before:

# Felicity

*_Felicity_ is the third and final app of the three project I planned for my own learning, the first
two are [Positional](https://github.com/Hamza417/Positional)
and [Inure App Manager](https://github.com/Hamza417/Inure).*

The development of the app has started and if you've used the first two apps you might wanna join
the [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/felicity_music_player) and become the part of the whole initial
development process.

I am taking my time developing it because I want it to exceed my own expectations and by that I mean
the quality of the software. I hope you are patient enough until the first few results :)

The project will be developed under the codename Felicity, the final name maybe updated in the
future.

## Update

16 July 2025: I have finalized the repository module and now beginning to work on engine and
hopefully finish working on it before the end of this week

10 Aug 2025: Currently working on the UI components that would be used in the app.

20 Aug 2025: The UI components are almost done, I have also almost finished main design of the app.

31 Aug 2025: Testing and fixes have reduced the crashes down to less than 1% and the coupling
between UI components is incredibly good and smooth.
I have also tested 192KHz audio and it works by default in supported devices. I noticed it showed
`ENCODING_PCM_16BIT`, I am not sure why yet.

17 Jan 2026: Felicity's development was halted again due to some issues and a pre-alpha is scheduled
to be released in the next 4 weeks. I am trying to get on schedule as early as possible.

## Screenshots

Last Updated: 22 Jan 2026

|                          |                          |                          |
|--------------------------|--------------------------|--------------------------|
| ![](/screenshots/01.png) | ![](/screenshots/02.png) | ![](/screenshots/03.png) |
| ![](/screenshots/04.png) | ![](/screenshots/05.png) | ![](/screenshots/06.png) |
| ![](/screenshots/07.png) | ![](/screenshots/08.png) | ![](/screenshots/11.png) |
| ![](/screenshots/12.png) | ![](/screenshots/13.png) | ![](/screenshots/14.png) |
| ![](/screenshots/15.png) | ![](/screenshots/16.png) |                          |

|                          |
|--------------------------|
| ![](/screenshots/09.png) |
| ![](/screenshots/10.png) |

## License

The project is not yet available under any license.

Commit message:

add: add FFmpeg decoder and proper hi-red audio output

README.md, after:

# Felicity

*_Felicity_ is the third and final app of the three project I planned for my own learning, the first
two are [Positional](https://github.com/Hamza417/Positional)
and [Inure App Manager](https://github.com/Hamza417/Inure).*

The development of the app has started and if you've used the first two apps you might wanna join
the [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/felicity_music_player) and become the part of the whole initial
development process.

I am taking my time developing it because I want it to exceed my own expectations and by that I mean
the quality of the software. I hope you are patient enough until the first few results :)

The project will be developed under the codename Felicity, the final name maybe updated in the
future.

## Update

16 July 2025: I have finalized the repository module and now beginning to work on engine and
hopefully finish working on it before the end of this week

10 Aug 2025: Currently working on the UI components that would be used in the app.

20 Aug 2025: The UI components are almost done, I have also almost finished main design of the app.

31 Aug 2025: Testing and fixes have reduced the crashes down to less than 1% and the coupling
between UI components is incredibly good and smooth.
I have also tested 192KHz audio and it works by default in supported devices. I noticed it showed
`ENCODING_PCM_16BIT`, I am not sure why yet.

17 Jan 2026: Felicity's development was halted again due to some issues and a pre-alpha is scheduled
to be released in the next 4 weeks. I am trying to get on schedule as early as possible.

29 Jan 2026: The app can now automatically go upto 32bit audio on supported devices. I have only
pushed upto
24bit as its max my device can output. I am finalizing the service and pre-alpha should be out in
the next few days.

## Screenshots

Last Updated: 22 Jan 2026

|                          |                          |                          |
|--------------------------|--------------------------|--------------------------|
| ![](/screenshots/01.png) | ![](/screenshots/02.png) | ![](/screenshots/03.png) |
| ![](/screenshots/04.png) | ![](/screenshots/05.png) | ![](/screenshots/06.png) |
| ![](/screenshots/07.png) | ![](/screenshots/08.png) | ![](/screenshots/11.png) |
| ![](/screenshots/12.png) | ![](/screenshots/13.png) | ![](/screenshots/14.png) |
| ![](/screenshots/15.png) | ![](/screenshots/16.png) |                          |

|                          |
|--------------------------|
| ![](/screenshots/09.png) |
| ![](/screenshots/10.png) |

## License

The project is not yet available under any license.
